sms-xml
=======

Simple XML template to easy the conversion and integration of sms messages with other protocols, and a proposal of a standard.

Why?
=

This is useful for example to convert sms text messages to and from rss feeds or similar formats and integrate various message protocols and services with sms messaging.

People have been telling me that this kind of thing already exists. The rule to me is simple: if you don't have the code hosted somewhere, documented and easy to find, it doesn't exists. Therefore, this project is the simplest approach I've managed to find.

There is an attempt on specification of how SMS messages should work along with web services using MMAP and SMAP which can be found here: http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/xml/library/x-tipsms1/index.html

I've saw this software known as "Android SMS Backup", and I haven't found th f*cking source code anywhere. I don't care if you have your bundled software with all kind of fancy features used by millions of people daily. If someone can't simply borrow a part of your software to do a complete different thing that you never ever imagined, then your software is useless to everyone but you.

Progress
=

* 0.1 \([commit 41245cb9f5630d416ca9a9cd26e02bb04a7107c5](./template.xml)\) - First release
* 0.2 \([commit b12c6cacac762308fa954ace46e60c07d1de6b1e](./template.xml)\) - Added complex structure to isolate data
* 0.3 \([commit 48ae14d34bb41b0bb898f89ebdfe229d8a98cd34](./template.xml)\) - Added new date possibilites to allow use of pre-formatted UNIX/Posix dates, ISO 8601 dates, RFC 3339 dates
* 0.4 \([commit f25dfaa202933e8bc089478d71cbfa5e0ecc8673](./template.xml)\) - Added specification to allow conversion from and to files generated by closed-source software known as "Android SMS Backup"
